the interesting point is well what someone who might be interested military
career might do well they're still in high school now some six
hundred high schools in the United States have a navy junior reserve
officer training corps programs where you can practice in learning
some of military skills while you're still in high school that's not
very many the army the Air Force in the marine corps also have junior
ROTC programs in a number of high schools but they're fairly rare
if you don't happen to have the access to one of those schools I think
you can do it awful lot in terms of preparing yourself for a military
career by perusing online materials comment on the marine corps
has an excellent reading list for people considering a career in
the marine corps but doing as much reading as you can about the military's
always a good leg up and it was certainly one of my favorite
topics when I was in high